EF info about using multiple projects (#6032)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: 13/umbraco-cms/tutorials/getting-started-with-entity-framework-core.md

dotnet ef migrations add InitialCreate --context BlogContext
```

{% hint style="info" %}

> If you are using another project (class library) to store your model class and DBContext class(Project.Core) than your main startup Project (Project.Web):

Reviewer: ```suggestion

If you use another class library in your project to store models and DBContext classes such as Project.Core (Project.Web being the main startup Project):
```

> - Go to the project folder (/Project.Core)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Go to the project folder where you have your custom class library such as /Project.Core
```

> - Run following script with relative path to your main startup project:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Run the following script with the relative path to your main startup project Project.Web:
```
